# Privacy Policy

Last Updated: March 11, 2021.

**noclick.me** is developed and maintained by Leandro Lucarella. I'm an
independent developer/software engineer. Please note that this project is just
a hobby, if you find anything that is wrong or you don't like, please contact me
to <privacy@noclick.me> and I'll be very happy to address it and fix it as soon
as possible.

## Service privacy policy

When using the **noclick.me** services **website** (<https://noclick.me>),
**web app** (<https://app.noclick.me>) and **web API**
(<https://api.noclick.me>) some data sent by your browser is collected in so
called "server log files".  These log files contains usage data like your
device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser
version, the pages of our website that you visit and the time and date of your
visit. This data is only used for maintenance purposes and to generate anonymous
access statistics to make sure the service is running smoothly. This information
is never used to identify any individuals.

These logs are not kept longer than one year and when possible IP addresses will
be anonymized even before that.

When using the **noclick.me app**, **web app** or **web API** to expand an
URL, this URL will be transferred and stored in our servers for an undetermined
amount of time. The servers will then access that URL and retrieve its contents,
and save some of them too.  These contents will be available in a slightly
modified way in the expanded URL produced by this service.  These contents are
publicly available through the originally submitted URL are not analyzed for
personal data of any kind, this data is not associated to any individual, is
only stored opaquely and sent as is.

If for some reason your personal data is retrieved, stored and/or exposed
through the mechanism mentioned above and you want it removed, just send an
e-mail to <privacy@noclick.me> and I'll be happy to do so as soon as possible.

If you downloaded the **noclick.me app** from an App Store, the App Store might
collect personal data, and other installed apps might collect usage data on the
**noclick.me app**, but I have no control or access whatsoever to that data.
Make sure to read the privacy terms of the App Store and other apps that track
your activity.

## Support privacy policy

Support requests and other e-mail communication that are sent to my email
addresses (@noclick.me) are securely stored in our e-mail server.  All the data
in that server is protected by state of the art encryption.  Your entire e-mails
are saved, including:

* name, e-mail address, date/time
* e-mail body with support request (including attachments). This can contain
  more personal data if you included it.

These data will only be used to process the respective support request and will
be kept for a maximum of one year after the support request is considered
resolved.

## Subprocessors

We use a few external services to run our service.

The **website** and **web API** servers are hosted in the US by Google, Inc. via
the **Google Cloud Platform** ([more
info](https://cloud.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms)).

The **web app** servers are hosted in the EU (Frankfurt, Germany) by
DigitalOcean, LLC via the **App Platform** ([more
info](https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/gdpr/)).

The **e-mail** servers are hosted in the EU (Netherlands) by Scaleway SAS ([more
info](https://images-www.scaleway.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/13093355/DPA-ONLINE-ENG.pdf)).

## Your data protection rights according to GDPR

I would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection
rights. Every user is entitled to the following:

* The right to access – You have the right to request me for copies of your
  personal data. I may charge you a small fee for this service (but I won't :).

* The right to rectification – You have the right to request that I correct any
  information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request me
  to complete the information you believe is incomplete.

* The right to erasure – You have the right to request that I erase your
  personal data, under certain conditions.

* The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that
  I restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

* The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to the
  processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

* The right to data portability – You have the right to request that I transfer
  the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you,
  under certain conditions.

If you make a request, I have one month to respond to you. If you would like to
exercise any of these rights, please contact me at my e-mail:
<privacy@noclick.me>.

## Contact and responsible person

Responsible for data processing: Leandro Lucarella

Contact: <privacy@noclick.me>
